README.md, before:

# Symfony Docker

A [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)-based installer and runtime for the [Symfony](https://symfony.com) web framework, with full [HTTP/2](https://symfony.com/doc/current/weblink.html), HTTP/3 and HTTPS support.

![CI](https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

## Getting Started

1. If not already done, [install Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
2. Run `docker-compose build --pull --no-cache` to build fresh images
3. Run `docker-compose up` (the logs will be displayed in the current shell)
4. Open `https://localhost` in your favorite web browser and [accept the auto-generated TLS certificate](https://stackoverflow.com/a/15076602/1352334)
5. Run `docker-compose down --remove-orphans` to stop the Docker containers.

## Features

* Production, development and CI ready
* Automatic HTTPS (in dev and in prod!)
* HTTP/2, HTTP/3 and [Preload](https://symfony.com/doc/current/web_link.html) support
* Built-in [Mercure](https://symfony.com/doc/current/mercure.html) hub
* [Vulcain](https://vulcain.rocks) support
* Just 2 services (PHP FPM and Caddy server)
* Super-readable configuration

**Enjoy!**

## Docs

1. [Build options](docs/build.md)
2. [Using Symfony Docker with an existing project](docs/existing-project.md)
3. [Support for extra services](docs/extra-services.md)
4. [Deploying in production](docs/production.md)
5. [Installing Xdebug](docs/xdebug.md)
6. [Using a Makefile](docs/makefile.md)
7. [Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md)

## Credits

Created by [Kévin Dunglas](https://dunglas.fr), co-maintained by [Maxime Helias](https://twitter.com/maxhelias) and sponsored by [Les-Tilleuls.coop](https://les-tilleuls.coop).

Commit message:

📦 NEW: Makefile + modified ci / dockerfile /README

README.md, after:

# Symfony Docker Supercharged

This repo is a fork from the [Symfony Docker](https://www.github.com/dunglas/docker-symfony) repo from [dunglas](https://www.github.com/dunglas/) with added improvements:
- Added `make` and `bash` into the php container.
- Added a `Makefile` file to run most of the usual Docker and Symfony commands with more ease
- Build the docker containers with the user and group id of the user running the command (preventing permission issues)
- Modified the `ci.yml` file in the `.github` folder to get quicker ci runs (while checking more thing in your project)
- Trigger the CI on pull requests by default
- Modified the `docker-compose.yml` file to set a name for the php container (for easier use of the `make` commands)

Below the original `README` of the project.

---

A [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)-based installer and runtime for the [Symfony](https://symfony.com) web framework, with full [HTTP/2](https://symfony.com/doc/current/weblink.html), HTTP/3 and HTTPS support.

![CI](https://github.com/anthodev/symfony-docker/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

## Getting Started

1. If not already done, [install Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
2. Run `docker-compose build --pull --no-cache` to build fresh images
3. Run `docker-compose up` (the logs will be displayed in the current shell)
4. Open `https://localhost` in your favorite web browser and [accept the auto-generated TLS certificate](https://stackoverflow.com/a/15076602/1352334)
5. Run `docker-compose down --remove-orphans` to stop the Docker containers.

## Features

* Production, development and CI ready
* Automatic HTTPS (in dev and in prod!)
* HTTP/2, HTTP/3 and [Preload](https://symfony.com/doc/current/web_link.html) support
* Built-in [Mercure](https://symfony.com/doc/current/mercure.html) hub
* [Vulcain](https://vulcain.rocks) support
* Just 2 services (PHP FPM and Caddy server)
* Super-readable configuration

**Enjoy!**

## Docs

1. [Build options](docs/build.md)
2. [Using Symfony Docker with an existing project](docs/existing-project.md)
3. [Support for extra services](docs/extra-services.md)
4. [Deploying in production](docs/production.md)
5. [Installing Xdebug](docs/xdebug.md)
6. [Using a Makefile](docs/makefile.md)
7. [Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md)

## Credits

Created by [Kévin Dunglas](https://dunglas.fr), co-maintained by [Maxime Helias](https://twitter.com/maxhelias) and sponsored by [Les-Tilleuls.coop](https://les-tilleuls.coop).
